Revise account management index page (#512)
canonical/launchpad-manual: docs/user/how-to/account-management/index.rst

.. meta::
   :description: How-to guides for creating, customizing, and managing your

>       Launchpad account, including merging accounts and application integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Launchpad account, including merging accounts and integrating with
      third-party applications.
```

.. _account-management:

Manage your account
===================

These guides help you create and manage your Launchpad account.

.. toctree::
   :hidden:
   :maxdepth: 1

   Create and personalize your Launchpad account <create-account>
   Merge two or more accounts <merge-accounts>
   Application integration <application-integration>

>    Close your account <close-account>

Reviewer: Please move the toctree to the bottom of the doc. After the "Further reading" section
